DOC-1096 K8s revision to private repo content (#1769)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/kubernetes/deployment/container-images.md

To list all the images used by your cluster:

```sh
kubectl get pods --all-namespaces -o jsonpath="{..image}" |tr -s '[[:space:]]' '\n' | uniq -c
```

To specifically determine the pull source for the Redis Enterprise operator itself, run the following command:

```sh
kubectl get pods --all-namespaces -o jsonpath="{..image}" |tr -s '[[:space:]]' '\n' | uniq -c | grep redislabs
```

You can limit this command to specific namespaces by replacing the `--all-namespaces` parameter with
a set of `-n {namespace}` parameters, where each `{namespace}` is a specific
namespace of interest on your cluster.

## Create a private container registry

You can set up a private container registry in a couple of ways:

* On-premise via [Docker registry](https://docs.docker.com/registry/deploying/), [Red Hat Quay](https://www.redhat.com/en/technologies/cloud-computing/quay), or other providers
* Cloud provider based registries (e.g., Azure Container Registry, Google Container Registry, etc.).

Once you have set up a private container registry, you will identify the container registry using:

* A domain name
* A port (optional)

> * An repository path (optional)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A repository path (optional)
```

    repository: gcr.io/yourproject/redislabs/k8s-controller
    versionTag: 6.0.8-1
```

## Rate limiting with DockerHub

Docker has [rate limits for image pulls](https://www.docker.com/blog/scaling-docker-to-serve-millions-more-developers-network-egress/).

> Anonymous users are allowed a certain number of pulls every 6 hours. For authenticated users, the limit larger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anonymous users are allowed a certain number of pulls every 6 hours. For authenticated users, the limit is larger.
```

These rate limits may affect your Kubernetes cluster in a number of ways:

> * The cluster nodes will likely be treated as a one anonymous user.

Author: ```suggestion
* The cluster nodes will likely be treated as a single anonymous user.
```

> * The cluster nodes will likely be treated as a one anonymous user.
> * The number of pulls during a deployment might exceed the rate limit for other deployment dependencies, including our operator, Redis Enterprise Software, or other non-Redis pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The cluster nodes will likely be treated as a single anonymous user.
* The number of pulls during a deployment might exceed the rate limit for other deployment dependencies, including your operator, Redis Enterprise Software, or other non-Redis pods.
```

> * The number of pulls during a deployment might exceed the rate limit for other deployment dependencies, including our operator, Redis Enterprise Software, or other non-Redis pods.

Author: ```suggestion
* The number of pulls during a deployment might exceed the rate limit for other deployment dependencies, including the operator, Redis Enterprise Software, or other non-Redis pods.
```
